Add readme (#6)
substrate-developer-hub/knowledgebase: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines

If you are interested in contributing to Substrate Documentation, please follow these contribution 
guidelines.

* [PR Checklist](#pr-checklist)
* [Documentation Standards](#documentation-standards)
* [Documentation Style](#documentation-style)

## PR Checklist

> 

Reviewer: If this is the PR checklist, shouldn't it be rather [be a PR template](https://help.github.com/en/github/building-a-strong-community/creating-a-pull-request-template-for-your-repository)?

Author: Actually now it makes sense. We had this discussion when we first added this but decided against it since it doesn't apply to recipes/tutorials/etc. But now that it's just the KB, makes sense.

- [ ] Are the audience and objective of the document clear? E.g. a document for developers that 
  should teach them about transaction fees.
- [ ] Is the writing:
  - **Clear**: No jargon

>   - **Precise**: No ambiguous meanings

Reviewer: As these articles go a lot into detail, I'd make these less restrictive. By all means "Digest vs. Inherents" is already full-on jargon just in the title. I'd rather make this:

```suggestion
  - **Clear**: All jargon defined, explained or linked to
  - **Precise**: No ambiguous meanings, rather specific links to definitions
```

  - **Concise**: Free of superfluous detail
- [ ] Does it follow our [style guide](#documentation-style)?

> - [ ] If this is a new page, does the PR include the appropriate infrastructure, e.g. adding the

Reviewer: this is a copy from a different repo, right? Because this doesn't have a sidebar, does it? ... Maybe talk about `the index` here?

Author: > this is a copy from a different repo, right? 

A greatly reduced copy, but yes. Will leave the bullet point for now since forgetting this is a common mistake, but I'll come back to it whenever we know what the structure is like.

  page to a sidebar?
- [ ] Build the page. Does it render properly? E.g. no funny lists or formatting.

> - [ ] Do links go to rustdocs or devhub articles rather than code?

Reviewer: is this good or bad if they do? The wording makes it unclear which is preferred...

Author: Breaking my own precision rules! Thanks.

## Documentation Standards

A document about what to document and how to document it for people who create things that need
documentation.

### Why document?

Substrate is a new framework for building blockchains. Effective documentation allows new people to join and grow the project by having all necessary information.

### Who is the audience?

The documentation described here is intended to address a technical audience, i.e. those who expect
to implement or exercise APIs or understand the internal dynamics of the blockchain system. These
standards are not intended for end-user product documentation.

The knowledge base houses instructions, conceptual overviews, and procedural documentation for 
developers who are working on Substrate. This directory includes documentation on how to get 
started, build, run, and test Substrate. You should organize the content that you create by 
specific activities, such as testing, getting started, or by workflow topic.

### What should I document?

Document protocols, introduce essential concepts, and explain how everything fits together.

- Conventions: e.g. this document about documentation, code style

> - System Design: e.g. network stack, consensus, runtime, assumptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- System Design: e.g. stack, subsystems, consensus, runtime, block format, assumptions
```

created by a large number of contributors can flow together. See
[Documentation Style Guide](#documentation-style).

### How can I link to other docs in my documentation?

Use absolute paths starting with `/` and ending with `.md`, like `/overview/getting-started.md`.

### How can I link to source code in my documentation?

Use the rust-docs to link to specific parts of the Substrate source code, for example a module's `trait`. When referencing specific lines of code, copy those lines into the documentation.

DO NOT link to specific lines of code -- Substrate changes often and links that reference specific locations in the code become inaccurate fast and are not easily maintainable.

**Showing code can make an abstract idea concrete. It is now, however, a shortcut to writing a 
clear explanation about how something works.**

## Documentation Style

It is important to create documentation that follows similar guidelines. This allows documentation
to be clear and concise while allowing users to easily find necessary information.

These are general style guidelines that can help create clearer documentation:

> - **Write in plain U.S. English.** You should write in plain U.S. English and try to avoid over-complicated words when you describe something.

Reviewer: like the word over-complicated ;)

> - **Avoid using pronouns such as "I" or "we".** These can be quite ambiguous when someone reads the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use you rather than "I" or "we".** These can be quite ambiguous when someone reads the
```

The explanation says something else than the bold part...

Author: The explanation says "you" is acceptable. Personally, I still try to steer clear but sometimes it really is the best way. Changed it to be more clear.
